email marketing secrets here's what's
working in 2022.
in the marketing world there is a
virtual atm you know those machines that
you go to and take out money you put in
a card put in your pin and cha ching
you're getting money out of your bank
account but on the internet your email
list is considered an atm
every time you need more income all you
have to do is send out an email and i
didn't come up with this concept it was
a gentleman named john reese years and
years ago who came up with this concept
he used to drive a lamborghini had a big
email list and had this domain name
called income.com and what john reese
was famous for was having a fish tank in
his house that's so big
the person who cleaned his fish tank
would put on scuba gear dive into it and
clean it that's how big his fish tank
was
now with john reese he taught me one
thing when i was much younger in my
early 20s neil you want to make money
collect the emails from your visitors
and then send out an email selling them
stuff
and that's it and then when you do that
you make more money
but here's the thing
times have changed i'm 37 now right and
people these days say hey people are
ignoring emails they're getting tons of
emails that's actually false
according to statista
306 billion emails are sent and received
every day but what's false is people are
claiming that no one reads emails well
306 billion emails wouldn't be sent a
day if everyone was ignoring them
mailchimp woodruff got bought out for
over 10 billion dollars i believe the
number was 11 billion so how do you get
your emails to stand out when so many
people are sending emails each day and
more importantly how do you generate
money from those emails
well here are nine tips technically one
more thought
tip number one scrub your list
this is how i get my open rates above 30
when you keep sending emails to people
they don't open it up what do you think
gmail and hotmail do they put it in the
spam box even if the person doesn't
click spam they put it in the spam box
so to avoid your emails going to the
spam box like when i send you an email
you're reading them you're getting them
why because i scrub my list continually
and i only send out to the people that
are actually opening up my emails and if
you don't scrub your emails here's the
thing the people who want to get your
emails even if they're opening them up
if a larger and larger percentage of
your emails don't open your emails and
they ignore them even the people who
want to read them and normally would
open them up
the emails that you're sending them will
eventually start going into the spam or
other inbox so make sure you scrub your
list
tip number two use casual subject lines
it usually increases open rates by 12
from my test
in other words if someone was really
proper with their subject lines for
example if my email said steve here is
how you boost your seo traffic by 132
please check out this email that's too
professional
versus if i just said steve you gotta
check this out that's casual wait what
do i gotta check out well you gotta
check this out and you'll find out when
you open up that email that's why casual
subject lines work tip three use your
email list to get followers on your
social platforms
this will help with the rule of seven
see in marketing there's something
called the rule of seven when someone
sees or interacts with your brand seven
times they're much more likely to
evangelize you it helps you build that
brand and just helps you grow so what
you'll want to do is not only send out
emails of people
maybe when you release new content have
a promo but also tell them to follow you
on the social web whether it's twitter
instagram facebook maybe even all your
networks by doing this you'll get more
followers on all your networks more
engagement you'll continue to be in
front of people and you can continually
promote to them
tip number four
follow up when people add stuff to their
cart but don't complete
this usually reduces abandonment cart
rates by up to 18 percent by one simple
email for example hey john i noticed
you've added this toilet paper it's
almost out of stock there's only two
more check it out probably doesn't work
as well with toilet paper but it could
work with t-shirts or scooters or bikes
or whatever you're selling
tip five keep your email short and to
the point we found that short emails
that are under 200 words tend to have a
higher click-through rate by seven to
thirty-eight percent that's a massive
difference so instead of having really
long emails keep them short and to the
point
tip six
send your emails early in the mornings
we found that when you send your emails
around six a.m for the time zone that
your subscribers are in you have a
better chance of having your emails open
up because when they wake up and check
their email inbox you'll be at the top
versus being at the bottom if you're at
the bottom they go through a lot of at
the top and then they don't keep going
and then they're done so send them out
early in your time zone we usually find
that 6am works the best if you're
targeting everyone in india then send it
out at 6am in india if you're targeting
everyone in the united states you can
either send it out at 6am pst or est
pick one or the other
tip seven add value even when you are
selling it just creates better customers
there's a site called legion athletics
and what legion is is a fitness
supplement brand they generate a lot of
their revenue through emails more than
10 percent
and the way they do this is they don't
just sell you protein powder or
supplements they also show you how to
best use them the best workout routines
and how you can get fit better and
healthier all while taking their
products you see there's a win-win yes
people can also buy the products but
they're also not only getting value
because they're teaching you how to use
a product but they're also giving you
other tips that makes you healthier and
better in life
tip 8 resent to unopens this typically
adds an extra 8 to your open rate i do
this all the time if i send out a 100
000 emails and only 25 000 or 30 000
open them i know that i can get roughly
another 8 000 to open up the emails if i
resent to all the unopens and i change
the subject line the key is change a
subject line if you don't change the
subject line it doesn't work as well
tip 9 add countdown timers within your
emails and i've seen this
increase sales by roughly 19
the last few times that i did it now you
only want to do this when you're selling
something and it's a promo and it
actually is running out so i wouldn't
put a countdown timer in my email if the
promo lasts forever but if the promo
lasts for 24 hours i would add that
countdown timer to the email because it
works if you need help with your email
marketing or conversion rate
optimization check out my ad agency np
digital if you have any questions you
can always leave a comment below if you
enjoyed the video like it share it
subscribe to it thank you very much